feat: add Supabase Cron docs (#30822)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/cron.mdx

---
title: 'Cron'
subtitle: 'Schedule Recurring Jobs with Cron Syntax in Postgres'
---

Supabase Cron is a Postgres Module that simplifies scheduling recurring Jobs with cron syntax and monitoring Job runs inside Postgres.

> Cron Jobs can be created via SQL or Cron interface inside of Supabase Dashboard and can run anywhere from every second to once a year depending on your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron Jobs can be created via SQL or the Cron interface inside of Supabase Dashboard and can run anywhere from every second to once a year depending on your use case.
```

Every Job can run SQL snippets or database functions with zero network latency or make an HTTP request, such as invoking a Supabase Edge Function, with ease.

<Admonition type="note">

> For the best performance, we recommend no more than 8 Jobs run concurrently and each Job should run no more than 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For best performance, we recommend no more than 8 Jobs run concurrently. Each Job should run no more than 10 minutes.
```

</Admonition>

## How does Cron work?

Under the hood, Supabase Cron uses the [`pg_cron`](https://github.com/citusdata/pg_cron) Postgres database extension which is the scheduling and execution engine for your Jobs.

<Admonition type="note">

`pg_cron` is not fully supported on Fly Postgres. Learn more about [Fly Postgres limitations](/docs/guides/platform/fly-postgres#limitations).

</Admonition>

> The extension creates a `cron` schema in your database and all Jobs are stored on the `cron.job` table and every Job's run and its status is recorded on the `cron.job_run_details` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension creates a `cron` schema in your database and all Jobs are stored on the `cron.job` table. Every Job's run and its status is recorded on the `cron.job_run_details` table.
```

> This is paired with a friendly interface in the Supabase Dashboard to schedule your Jobs as well as real-time monitoring of current and historical runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Supabase Dashboard provides and interface for you to schedule Jobs and monitor Job runs. You can also do the same with SQL.
```
